# wxUiTesting

This repository is primarily used to test code generation of [wxUiEditor](https://github.com/KeyWorksRW/wxUiEditor). In addition to folders containing various apps, it also contains multiple copies of the wxWidgets source code (currently 3.1, 3.2, and 3.3). These copies contain a subset of the wxWidgets sources, and building them is limited to a single custom CMake file that is quite different from the official wxWidgets version. While you could use these copies for your own apps, it is strongly _not_ recommended.

## Folders

### art

These are art files shared across all of the test apps.

### quick

This is designed to make quick changes for testing. By default, nothing in this directory is tracked. Only the files necessary to launch an app (C++, wxPython or wxRuby3) are tracked in git, everything else is ignored. That means you can freely change the dialogs without needing to commit the changes.

### imports

This contains various projects from other designers that wxUiEditor can import. For the most part, there is no app associated with any specific import, though if there is it's designed to compare both the code and the UI generated by the original designer versus what wxUiEditor generates after importing.

### sdi
This is the primary testing app, and is used to create C++, wxPython and wxRuby3 apps.

### samples
    
Each of the wxWidgetsxx directories contains a copy of the wxWidgets sample code. The samples directory at the root of this repository contains the CMake files needed to build the samples from each of the wxWidgetsxx directories.

## Building

All of the testing apps assume the requested version of wxWidgets has already been built. If you are using this repository for testing, then you will probably only need to build the Debug versions of the libraries and apps, preferably building wxWidgets as a shared dll to speed up linking from the debug versions of the apps.
